# yt Team Meeting 2017-10-17

Meeting 2.

## Paper

yt-3.0 paper should be on the arxiv by February

## Frontends

Need people to commit to be frontend maintainers for some of the codes (on the
governance YTEP http://ytep.readthedocs.org/en/latest/YTEPs/YTEP-1776.html

 * OWLS  - ?
 * RAMSES - (Sam Geen? UNLV person?) 
 * Rockstar - Britton
 * Tipsy - Ben Keller?
 * Need to add Pyne - Pat Shriwise?
 * Add Cactus and frontend manager?

Matt will be splitting up the SPH frontend so Tipsy and Gadget are a bit more
separated.

Update on yt usage survey - Matt has a draft. Should hopefully be sent out
soonish.

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1KOI0Ny2L22mve8mbb7UcoJEjdL_cctXrAVOK8uMA8kY/edit

We had an issue with the issue tracker yesterday - lots of emails got sent out
when we edited every issue. Consensus seems to be that we should be more
careful about coordinating with people who aren’t at workshops.

Lots of cool stuff has been done at the workshop.  See the pull requests issued
during the workshop.

## Subcomponent updates

 * **Infrastructure**: No major updates.  Some new frontends are being worked
   on at the workshop.
 * **Testing**: We now run the cookbook recipes on each commit.  Plans are
   underway to move testing to a beefier machine which will allow us to spawn
   tests in parallel.
 * **Visualization**: symlog plotting PR, big VR update PR inprogress
 * **Documentation**: Stackoverflow questions.  Look into asking Stackoverflow
   people to add a tag. Create a gallery using images produced in the docs.
